For the sake of your sincere repentance
I'll give you one more chance.
As long as you pay for your own martial arts and cut off your hands and feet
I will no longer hold you accountable
If I say just kill them
That won't work once they're dead
The remnants who besieged Gao Xiaoyun
Just choose to run away
Hitting mountains and shaking tigers is a big discount
Not cost-effective
Just control it
Yes, yes, no cost-effective, no cost-effective.
Wouldn't it be better to keep us both alive
After all, he can't say this Ouyang
If we say it, we will die
We don't know anything.
We are willing to give up our martial arts and cut off our limbs to atone for our sins
Say what Ouyang doesn't say
I'm going to use Soul Searcher!
I urge you to cooperate honestly
Otherwise it's a dead end
Ok then I say
Anyway, it's all running script
That Cao Ling?
The conspiracy and conspiracy are all led by the European balcony
i
Ah!
Ahhhh!
Qinghai has a day and night attack again
I need to confirm it myself
Long Shuai's corpse
Not found
It is very likely that he was blown up and sneaked into the Gimhaigan
Lord Guo
I'll do it!
Even if Aunt Dragon kills me
As the world's number one assassin
I want him to die again
Anyway, I want to preside over the spiritual ceremony myself
Then take a run
You and I can accompany you
Personally let Long Shuai's death completely change the official appointment
Yes!
It's a mysterious spell
It seems that the mastermind behind the scenes planned it perfectly
To plant a spell without their knowledge
Dead can't be saved
Ouyang
Looks like things are getting better
It's Ouyang Mu
Ouyang Mu
That is Great Xia National Preceptor?
Yeah, I hope I'm wrong.
Admire Tongdi
That should be the worst outcome
So let's see how mature it is first